{
  "Search_Strategy": "Databases: Medline, Embase, Cochrane Central Register of Controlled Trials, and Web of Science (all searched from inception). ClinicalTrials.gov was also searched for unpublished trials. Date coverage: Embase to 31 May 2024; Medline to 30 May 2024; Cochrane and Web of Science to 3 June 2024. Strategy development: iterative pilot searches to refine keywords, subject headings, and subheadings; sensitivity checks to ensure retrieval of four key eligible articles; use of Boolean operators and truncation. Core search string: (Pain OR analgesia OR analgesic agent OR analgesics OR opioid OR opiate OR opiate alkaloids) AND (pharmacogenetic* OR pharmacogenomic* OR pharmacogenetic testing OR pharmacogenomic testing OR pharmacogenetic variant* OR pharmacogenomic variant* OR genetic testing OR genetic screening) AND (trial OR clinical trial OR randomized controlled trial OR controlled clinical trial). Limits: none applied for Embase, Medline, and Web of Science (no filters for publication type, date, or language); Cochrane search restricted to trials (protocols and reviews excluded). Reporting: PRISMA-S followed; full reproducible strategies provided in Supplementary Data File 1. Execution: searches were carried out independently by a second reviewer (MB).",
  "Screening_Process": "Screening followed a prespecified protocol using PICO-based eligibility criteria. Title and abstract screening was conducted in Rayyan by two reviewers (SJ and MB), preceded by a pilot screen of 50 records to calibrate inclusion/exclusion criteria application. Duplicates were detected via Rayyan and manually verified. Disagreements were resolved by a third reviewer (KL). Full-text screening was performed with reasons for exclusion documented at this stage; a second reviewer (MB) also conducted full-text assessments. Risk of bias assessments (RoB 2) were conducted independently by MB.",
  "Results_Presentation": "PRISMA 2020 flowchart reported: records identified from databases n = 2,496 (Embase 1,184; Medline 205; Web of Science 599; Cochrane 508); duplicates removed n = 535; records screened n = 1,961; records excluded n = 1,952; reports sought for retrieval n = 9; reports not retrieved n = 0; reports assessed for eligibility n = 9; reports excluded n = 3 with reasons (results not available n = 2 due to incomplete trials; single-arm study without comparator n = 1); studies included in the review n = 6. No additional records were identified from reference list checks or ClinicalTrials.gov.",
  "Methodology_Summary": "The review demonstrates strong methodological rigor: preregistered protocol on PROSPERO (CRD42024550708), adherence to PRISMA 2020 and PRISMA-S, comprehensive multi-database searches from inception with explicit date cutoffs, reproducible keyword/Boolean strategy, and no restrictive filters to maximize sensitivity (with trials-only restriction in Cochrane). Screening was standardized via Rayyan, conducted independently by two reviewers with a pilot calibration step, and disagreements resolved by a third reviewer, minimizing selection bias. Reasons for full-text exclusion were transparently reported, and results presented via a PRISMA flow diagram. Risk of bias was assessed with the Cochrane RoB 2 tool independently, and studies at high risk of bias were excluded from meta-analysis; evidence certainty was appraised using GRADE. Overall, the search and screening processes are transparent, reproducible, and aligned with best-practice guidelines."
}